DOC-846: Document new `mceFocus` command (#2081)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: advanced/editor-command-identifiers.md

| mceSelectNode        | Selects a node in the editor. The target node is passed as the value (_`<DOM_node>`_).                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| mceSelectNodeDepth   | Selects the parent DOM node 'n' levels above the current node.                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
| mceRemoveNode        | Removes the current node or the target node passed as the value (_`<DOM_node>`_).                                                                                                                                                                                                           |

> | mceFocus             | Focuses and activates the editor. The optional value passed in specifies if the editor should only be activated and not focused.                                                                                                                                                            |

Reviewer: I wonder if we should define (or link to the definition of) activating the editor?

Reviewer: Maybe?
```suggestion
| mceFocus             | Focuses and activates the editor. The optional boolean passed in specifies if the editor should only be activated and not focused.                                                                                                                                                            |
```

Reviewer 2: I'm also not sure which way around the boolean goes from reading this. Is it:

> I passed in true because "the editor should only be activated and not focused"

as you've written here, or is it

> I passed in true because the answer to "should it focus as well as activate" is yes

If its the former, maybe write something like
```suggestion
| mceFocus             | Focuses and activates the editor. Optionally pass in `true` if the editor should only be activated, and not focused.                                                                                                                                                            |
```

If the later, maybe
```suggestion
| mceFocus             | Focuses and activates the editor. The optional boolean passed in specifies if the editor should be focused, instead of just activated.                                                                                                                                                            |
```

Or maybe some combination of the two. Either way, maybe we could
* Say what the default is if you don't pass in the optional argument
* Have two code examples below (one with the argument, one using the default, and comment next to them saying what each will do)

Reviewer 3: The "doesn't activate path" shouldn't be documented anyways, as it's internal only. If some only wants to activate an editor the supported way is via `editorManager.setActive`.

Author: I was thinking about whether I needed to mention the activate part when writing it. The second sentence can be removed then. 

If we need to elaborate on what activating means, I guess we could reword the description from or link to https://www.tiny.cloud/docs/api/tinymce/tinymce.editor/#focus?

Maybe this could suffice as the description?
```
Focuses and activates the editor. Sets the editor as the activeEditor in the tinymce collection and also places DOM focus inside the editor.
```

> | mceFocus             | Focuses and activates the editor. Places DOM focus inside the editor and also sets the editor as the `activeEditor` in the tinymce collection. {{site.requires_5_9v}}                                                                                                                       |

Author: I couldn't really find any relevant docs for it from my search but there might be something somewhere. Mabey instead I could say something like `.. also sets the editor as the active editor instance on the page.`?

> | mceFocus             | Focuses and activates the editor. Places DOM focus inside the editor and also sets the editor as the `activeEditor` in the tinymce collection. {{site.requires_5_9v}}                                                                                                                       |

Reviewer 2: On [this page](https://www.tiny.cloud/docs/api/tinymce/root_tinymce/) we mention `activeEditor` once, but say things like "will set this as _the active editor_" 10+ times.

It's also a little inconsistent, between "active editor instance" / "currently active editor" / "the active editor"

> | mceFocus             | Focuses and activates the editor. Places DOM focus inside the editor and also sets the editor as the `activeEditor` in the tinymce collection. {{site.requires_5_9v}}                                                                                                                       |

Author: Have pushed up the reword for explaining the activated part.
